All right welcome back my students.
So it's time for all to install Zahm on the Macintosh arrived the steps to install Zahm in a Macintosh
are very very similar to a Windows computer as a matter of fact almost identical.
All right.
So all you have to do is go to Apache Franks Dagworthy I believe that's the day you Arel that you French
.
Let's go.
Zap.
And again if you have map lamp or whatever or their local environment BHB you're welcome to use.
I'm just going to use them up on this course.
All right.
I find it very useful.
Some of you may have issues with it that's fine.
You can install something else.
All right.
So we're going to download BHB 7 for OS X right here.
Just download it just like you did.
Some of you did for Windows.
All right.
And and then install it very simple just follow everything by default.
And if you want to check that Nazmi option you can so I'm just going to click on it real quick here
and then double click it then open and type in whatever password i have for this user.
All right.
And then he's going to install I started the wizard.
Or I just get away a little bit.
It's going to show something about it enemy.
There we go.
Developer files.
That's OK.
Now it's on.
Check this nadis and you can even check if you want to find out more about big Nazmi.
All right.
But I don't.
So once it installs then you're going to have zap available around just kind of cancel it out because
I already have it.
All right but just follow everything by default and you should be OK.
All right then when once you finished to know that it is working all you have to do is go to your local
host local host enter.
Whoops.
All right before we do that let's make sure once you install a launch control panel it gives you the
option to launch if it doesn't give you the option to launch a control panel.
You can find it decem control panel.
Let's go to other.
And you're going to see this manager or assets here or you might have to type in your password.
Some of you I don't need to do that.
And then you can go here to manage servers and then you can go start and start and that's going to start
your Zahm installation now you can also find there by going to applications and then you go to Zahm
here and you can find that manager right here you see that.
All right super simple to do.
So now right here this is your local Horsa if you type in localhost you've got to get this dashboard
here if you have this or your screen looks similar to this and you have a Welkom zap window here.
Then everything went OK.
All right everything is working now right.
Your zombie solution might be different from mine I already had zap installed.
If you go back you can see that your zem installation my look will be different than mine.
This is a five point six nineteen point six 12.
All right.
So this is for Windows.
This is the as.
Let's check it out right here.
All right.
So different versions there.
Right.
But anyway already has them installed and that's what I got.
But your version might be a little different than mine.
I'm going to include with all these versions there but I'm going to make sure that I have the latest
BHB right.
So I'm going to click on this right here and you can see that he says that I have zero zap.
Seven point zero point four.
So if you go back here you can see that I have the latest version of Zap just my index that BHP says
something else.
All right.
So don't worry about this I have to update my index.
BHB that's because I've been messing around with it files.
But I I have the latest zapping store as you can see right here.
All right I just have to change my end that's for some reason.
But you should have Zahm seven point something there or whatever version of BHB is the latest.
All right.
I'm going to include in this camp seven 7.0 zero point four in the exercise file.
So that way you can also do everything exactly like me.
All right.
If you want to if you decide to.
Anyway thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture.
Take care.